All commits (#68)
oco-research/connector-registry: archive/README.md

### Connectors archive

> The files in this folder are autogenerated and needed for connectors versioning. Please don't change this files manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files in this folder are auto-generated and required for versioning connectors. Please don't change these files manually.
```
